so a realist is committed to the idea
that abstract things exist
that there are two kinds of existence in
reality
physical things and Abstract things this
doesn't commit us to any kind of woo or
Supernatural kind of force or
spirituality
all that it says
is that the way in which physical things
are arranged is not haphazard it's not
chaotic there's something more to it
and even more profound
the abstract things can cause things to
occur
in physics
the abstract things can cause stuff to
happen
they really are the proximate and indeed
ultimate cause of many kinds of events
that happen in the universe particularly
when it comes to people
so let's read a little from chapter five
the beginning of infinity called the
reality of abstractions